CSS Transforms
CSS3 supports transform property. This transform property facilitates you to translate, 
rotate, scale, and skews elements.

Transformation is an effect that is used to change shape, size and position.

There are two type of transformation i.e. 2D and 3D transformation supported in CSS3.
CSS 2D Transforms:
The CSS 2D transforms are used to re-change the structure of the element as translate, 
rotate, scale and skew etc.
Following is a list of 2D transforms methods:
1) 
The translate() method:
The CSS translate() method is used to move an element from its current position according 
to the given parameters i.e. X-axis and Y-axis.
translate()	    Moves the element along X or Y axis based on two comma seperated values(in 
                length units or percent)
translateX()	Moves the element along the X axis by the specified length or percentage
translateY()	Moves the element along the Y axis by the specified length or percentage
2) 
The rotate() method:
The CSS rotate() method is used to rotate an element clockwise or anti-clockwise according 
to the given degree.
rotate()	   Rotates the element along its anchor point by the specified angle.
3)
The scale() method
The CSS scale() method is used to increase or decrease the size of an element according to 
the given width and height.
ScaleX()	Scales the element along its X axis by specified scaling factor.
ScaleY()	Scales the element along its Y axis by specified scaling factor.
scale()	    Scales the element along both its X and Y axis by specified scaling factor.
4)
The CSS skew() method is used to skew an element along with X-axis and Y-axis according to 
the given angle.
scale()	    Scales the element along both its X and Y axis by specified scaling factor.
skewX()	    Skews the element along its X axis by the specified angle
skewY()	    Skews the element along its Y axis by the specified angle  
5)
The matrix() method:
The CSS matrix() method combines all the six 2D transform methods altogether. It allows you to rotate, scale, translate, and skew elements.

Syntax:

The parameters of matrix method: matrix(scaleX(),skewY(),skewX(),scaleY(),translateX(),
translateY())  
matrix()	Applies 2D trasform on the element using a matrix with 6 values.


