CSS Animation
CSS Animation property is used to create animation on the webpage. It can be used as a 
replacement of animation created by Flash and JavaScript.
What animation does:
An animation makes an element change gradually from one style to another. You can add as 
many as properties you want to add. You can also specify the changes in percentage.0% 
specify the start of the animation and 100% specify its completion.
CSS animation properties:
Property	Description
@keyframes	It is used to specify the animation.
animation	This is a shorthand property, used for setting all the properties, except the animation-play-state and the animation-fill- mode property.
animation-delay	It specifies when the animation will start.
animation-direction	It specifies if or not the animation should play in reserve on alternate cycle.
animation-duration	It specifies the time duration taken by the animation to complete one cycle.
animation-fill-mode	it specifies the static style of the element. (when the animation is not playing)
animation-iteration-count	It specifies the number of times the animation should be played.
animation-play-state	It specifies if the animation is running or paused.
animation-name	It specifies the name of @keyframes animation.
animation-timing-function	It specifies the speed curve of the animation.
Defining Keyframes
When the animation is created in the @keyframe rule, it must be bound with selector; otherwise the animation will have no effect.

The animation could be bound to the selector by specifying at least these two properties:

The name of the animation
The duration of the animation
Keyframes are used to specify the values for the animating properties at various stages of 
the animation. Keyframes are specified using a specialized CSS at-rule — @keyframes. The 
keyframe selector for a keyframe style rule starts with a percentage (%) or the keywords 
from (same as 0%) or to (same as 100%). The selector is used to specify where a keyframe 
is constructed along the duration of the animation.

Percentages represent a percentage of the animation duration, 0% represents the starting 
point of the animation, 100% represents the end point, 50% represents the midpoint and so 
on. That means, a 50% keyframe in a 2s animation would be 1s into an animation.